CST1201 Homework Assignment 1 Solution

5. Sales Prediction
The East Coast sales division of a company generates 62 percent of total sales. Based on that percentage, write a program that will predict how much the East Coast division will generate if the company has $4.6 million in sales this year. Hint: Use the value 0.62 to represent 62 percent.

Solution flow:

East Coast sales = 0.62 * total sales
Total sales = $4.6MM
Print out: East coast sale is 0.62*$4.6MM

12. String Manipulator
Write a program that asks the user to enter the name of his or her favorite city. Use a String variable to store the input. The program should display the following:
• The number of characters in the city name
• The name of the city in all uppercase letters
• The name of the city in all lowercase letters
• The first character in the name of the city

Solution flow:

Get the city name from user
Print out the number of characters in the city name
Print out the name of the city in all uppercase letters
Print out the name of the city in all lowercase letters
Print out the first character in the name of the city

17. Ingredient Adjuster
A cookie recipe calls for the following ingredients:
• 1.5 cups of sugar
• 1 cup of butter
• 2.75 cups of flour
The recipe produces 48 cookies with these amounts of the ingredients. Write a program that asks the user how many cookies he or she wants to make, and then displays the number of cups of each ingredient needed for the specified number of cookies.

Solution flow:

Get the number of cookies.
Print the cups of sugar needed: 
	How many cups of sugar is needed for each cookie: 1.5 / 48
	How many cups of sugar is needed for this number of cookies: number of cookies * 1.5 / 48
Print the cups of butter needed: 
	How many cups of butter is needed for each cookie: 1 / 48
	How many cups of butter is needed for this number of cookies: number of cookies * 1 / 48
Print the cups of flour needed: 
	How many cups of flour is needed for each cookie: 2.75 / 48
	How many cups of flour is needed for this number of cookies: number of cookies * 2.75 / 48

